FENCEMASTER
By Kemble Song (584999) & Nicholas Poulton (585075)

Structure of our fencemaster win detection program:
    - Board class:
        - Creates an array of 'hexes' that represents the game board.
        - Has a method fillBoard() to read a board state from input.
        - Has a method testWin() to see if given board state has a winner via:
            - findLoop() which utilises a depth-first recursive search algorithm explore() to find loops.
            - findTripod() which also uses depth-first search recursion in trace() to find tripods.
    - Hex class:
        - Represents the individual hexagonal positions on the board.
        - Has a method getAdjacent() to return an array of adjacent hexes.
        - It's attributes are colour, x-y coordinates, and board it belongs to.

Libraries used:
Java.util (Scanner, PriorityQueue, exception classes)

Pseudocode for loop detection of colour:
    initialize queue
    FOR each hex in board
        IF hex.colour != colour
            ADD hex to queue
    WHILE queue is not empty
        TAKE out the first item in queue
        EXPLORE its neighbours
            IF we hit an edge
                RETURN false
            IF we hit a hex that != colour (ie. exists in the queue)
                EXPLORE it (recursively does this until 'false' is met or...)
            OTHERWISE (we find on colour hex)
                RETURN true

Explanation of loop detection algorithm and its complexity:
    Essentially, if we were asked to find a 'black' loop, we would look at all the non-black hexes and see if
    we can move along adjacent non-black hexes until we hit an edge. If we never hit an edge after expanding from
    a non-black hex, then we know that we are inside a black loop.
    
    Since the algorithm relies on moving from unfriendly hex to unfriendly hex, its complexity depends heavily on
    the arrangement of the board. The worst conceivable arrangement would involve a loop around the entire board,
    which would require exploring every hex inside; since a board contains 3*n^2 - 3*n + 1 hexes, and this effectively
    means exploring every hex on a board two sizes smaller, we have O(n^2) complexity.

Pseudocode for tripod detection of colour:
    initialize queue
    FOR each hex in board
        IF hex = colour and has 3 other adjacent hexes of same colour
            ADD to queue
    WHILE queue is not empty
        TAKE out the first item in queue
        TRACE neighbours with same colour
            IF we hit a NON corner edge
                count += 1;
            IF we hit a hex with same colour
                TRACE it (recursive)
            OTHERWISE (We hit a non-colour non-edge)
                Start over with next item in queue
    IF count >= 3
        We have a tripod

Explanation of tripod detection algorithm and its complexity:
    We initially start at hexes with three or more adjacent hexes that have the same colour.
    Then we trace along paths using depth-first search until we hit an edge or reach a hex
    with no adjacent on coloured hexes, and return to the most recent branching point. If for any
    given starting hex we count three edges, we have found a tripod.
    
    The complexity analysis for this function is similar to that of the loop detection algorithm,
    since it keeps track of those hexes that have been visited. The initial pass to find clumps
    of same-coloured hexes is O(n^2) because it scans the entire board, and the exploration
    is essentially the same as the exploration in the loop detection for complexity purposes, giving
    a final worst case of O(n^2).
    
    On paper, this doesn't sound great, but any reasonably-sized board is still tested in well under
    a second, so there's no need to implement any clever time-saving measures.